[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/excel-tutorial.md

---
title: Excel add-in tutorial

> description: 'In this tutorial, you'll build an Excel add-in that creates, populates, filters, and sorts a table, creates a chart, freezes a table header, protects a worksheet, and opens a dialog.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this tutorial, you will build an Excel add-in that creates, populates, filters, and sorts a table, creates a chart, freezes a table header, protects a worksheet, and opens a dialog.'
```
